data set link: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/pieca111/music-artists-popularity
1. Intro
    a. What was your general motivation for exploring this topic (i.e. your dataset choice)?
        My general motivation was my curiosity for different music popularity, and what is liked by the general public. I wanted to know the comparison of the amount of listeners of different artists.
    b. Briefly describe how the data was collected in your chosen dataset.
        The data was collected using musical artists present in MusicBrainz database. This includes their name, tags, country, and popularity/listeners, based on data from last.fm. 
    c. Which question did you end up exploring further?
        I ended up exploring what nationality of artists is most popular. I was curious whether artists from the United States like Taylor Swift and Ariana Grande are more popular than combined artists everywhere else like Harry Styles and Charli XCX.
2. Process
    a. How did you go about answering your question? What specific pieces of info did you extract from your dataset and how did you use that data to answer your question?
        I used the number of listeners for each artists according to last.fm as well as their country according to last.fm. I was then able to determine if that artist was from the US or not, and how many listeners they had. I then added all the US artist's listeners together, and all of the other country artist's listeners together and was able to compare the two results and come to a conclusion.
    b. What difficulties did you run into and how did you approach solving them?
        A difficulity that I ran into was that my data set was missing some data, so the splicing by commas did not work completely. Ms. Bono helped me solve this by adding a method that checks to see if that piece of data is able to be used. Another difficulty I encountered was that my data set was too big to be uploaded to git hub, so instead I put the link in this file.
3. Results
    a. What did the data show? What are your takeaways?
    b. Describe some possible limitations to your research.
    c. Given more time and resources, what additional implementation of your question would you be interested to explore?